Can Code Project: Gender and Race Comparison of 2013 AP Computer Science (CS) Enrollment and Pass Rates. 
This project was created as part of an introductory Python for Data Analytics course presented by CanCode. The goal in this project was to graphically depict disparities in Advance Placement (AP) Computer Science enrollment and pass rates amongst genders and races using Python language and associated libraries. The data employed was gathered by Barbara Ericson from College Board data and made available on the data.world website as a CSV file: https://data.world/education/ap-cs-pass-rate-by-racegender/workspace/file?filename=pass_rate.csv. 
Figures 1, 2 and 3 compare number of AP CS and AP Calculus (Calc) courses offered nationwide. Figures 4 through 8 compare female enrollment and pass rates with corresponding male and all student rates. Figures 9, 10 and 11 depict enrollment and pass rates for Black and Hispanic students as compared to all students and students not identifying as Black or Hispanic.
Male/Female ratios in US high schools are approximately 1:1, making the female enrollment and pass rate data easier to interpret. Far fewer females are enrolled in AP CS courses than their male counterparts and overall, females have slightly lower pass rates than their male counterparts. Because minority representation varies widely across states, interpretation of the Black and Hispanic AP CS enrollment and pass rate data is not so clear. It does clearly show that Blacks and Hispanics are vastly underrepresented in AP CS Exam demographics. It further shows a clear disparity between pass rates of Black and Hispanic and students not Black or Hispanic.
For the purpose of this project, I did not delve further into population demographics in support of any conclusions that might be derived from aligning enrollment with population demographics. However, the compiler of my data source, Barbara Ericson, did dig deeper and provides insight along with her data at https://data.world/education/ap-cs-pass-rate-by-racegender. Some interesting facts that accompany her research include a summation of states where no females, no Hispanics, or no Blacks took the exam; two states where AP CS exam rates were 35+ more than 10 years prior, but had one or less students take the exam in 2013; data showing more than 40% of female AP CS test takers in one state came from one girls only school; and comprehensive data matching Black and Hispanic Exam and Pass rates with population demographics for various states. 
